Hello, my name is
Heather and I'm
the Vice President of Security
Engineering at Google.
PII is everywhere.
It's a fundamental part of how
we are all working
online all the time.
If you are using
online resources,
you are probably putting your
PII out there somewhere.
There's some of your PII
that lots of people know,
such as your name.
And then there's sensitive data that
you don't want very
many people to know,
such as your bank account number
or your private medical
health information.
And so we make these distinctions often
because this kind of
information needs to be
handled differently.
Everything that we do now,
from school to voting,
to registering our car
happens online.
And because of that, it's so
important that we have safety
built-in by default into all of
our systems. Here's some tips.
You should always encrypt
the data as much as you
can when it's being
stored at rest.
And secondly, when it's
transitting over the Internet,
we always want to encrypt
it using TLS or SSL.
Third, within your company,
you should think very clearly
about who has access
to that data.
It should be almost no one
if it's very sensitive.
And in the rare cases where
somebody does need
to access that data,
there should be a
record of that access,
who accessed it, and a
justification as to why.
And you should have a
program to look
at the audit records
for that data.
The most important thing
to remember is if you have
a situation where PII
has been compromised,
remember that's someone's
personal information and
your response wants to be
grounded in that reality.
They need to be able to
trust the infrastructure,
the systems, the
websites, the devices.
They need to be able to trust
the experience they're having.
For me, that's the
mission: To help
keep billions of people
safe online every day.